Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
ARGENTINE CINEMA
NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF CINEMA
AND AUDIOVISUAL ARTS
WE THANK YOUR SUPPORT
FUNDED BY THE GOVERNMENT OF SPAIN
AND THE MINISTRY OF CULTURE
FUNDED BY
FUNDED BY THE EU: RECOVERY.
TRANSFORMATION AND RESILIENCE PLAN
WITH THE SUPPORT OF
AN ARGENTINA-MEXICO-SPAIN
CO-PRODUCTION BY
ASSOCIATE PRODUCER
IN COLLABORATION WITH
THE VIRGIN OF THE QUARRY LAKE
I'm going to call the police. sir.
Are you listening?
No! Call the police!
- I'm calling the police!
- Natalia!
- Oh. my God. Come and see this!
- Can you hear me. sir?
- Who's that?
- You know what?
- A destitute.
- I'll call my son.
- Juancho!
- What is it?
He is hideous.
- Son. please come!
- Hey. dude. Don't do that!
- Hey. I'm talking to you!
- What one can come to...
You don't hear me
when I speak to you?
Come on! I can't believe it!
...they are spreading everywhere!
What the fuck are you doing?
You're ruining the neighborhood.
Go back to where you belong!
He will murder him!
He's going to kill him.
No. no.
No. Rita. I don't want to see
a dead person. Do something!
Enough. Juancho!
Enough!
Stop it. Juancho!
Leave him alone!
- Stand up and leave.
- Calm down. Juancho.
- I only spared you because of Mrs. Rita.
- Please.
Stop it.
- Look how he soiled my shoes.
- I see. but let it go.
- Can you believe this is happening here?
- Yes. I do.
But that's it. The man is drunk
and you can't beat a drunk person.
Do you realize what will happen
if we don't draw the line?
Calm down. Juancho. Calm down.
At least have him clean up
all this mess he made.
We'll clean it up. Relax. Juancho.
- Okay. I'll do it for you.
- Calm down.
- Yes. I'll calm down.
- Relax.
I'm sparing his life
because you asked me to. that's all.
Juancho. stop.
Please. I'm asking you.
Look at what he did. Have him take
his cart and clean up that filth.
Lest the police arrive.
Okay. let's go inside.
There's nothing else to see here.
Let him leave.
No. dude.
Let's keep playing this.
NAT83: Silvia says
she listens to Morphine
NAT83: Like the morphine
given to the dead
JOse: Is it her apartment?
I'm going against two of them.
NAT83: Rents. she works at the Ministry
JOse: Did you go?
He took me there
JOse: Diego just got online.
did you see?
Diego: Nati. you there? I'm at Silvia's.
Asks if you wanna come listen to CDs.
We're on our way
Nati. everything okay?
Yeah.
Do you need anything?
No. it's just that I got my period.
Fuck. you know what?
I have no pads left. I ran out.
Maybe there's something.
Yes. I found some cotton.
It will do the trick.
It doesn't taste good.
It tastes something like...
Eat?
- Eat?
- Yes. eat!
Silvia. coffee is ready!
I'll serve it and bring it to you. okay?
What a sweetheart you are!
I left some mugs there.
When I lived in Brixton.
I took boxing lessons.
The coach was
a Black guy from the Antilles.
The dude was two by two.
A real something else...
And he would tell me:
"Sil."
"Punch hard. Sil!"
"Punch hard.
or I'll kiss you. babe!"
Such a fool.
I saw what you did.
Like from a tough neighborhood?
I did nothing.
- Silvia.
- Thanks. love.
Oof. I bought that mug in Croydon.
Croydon is a Jamaican neighborhood
where I often went to buy joints.
They throw such
underground parties. man.
I love this song. man.
These guys are a couple
I met when I went to Mexico.
I went to one of their concerts with my
cousin. the one I've told you about.
The music isn't great.
At least play a song
by Miguel Mateos. dude.
Dude. Lerner.
- Dude.
- Nothing worse than that.
Don't be mean.
Hey. let's change the music.
Yeah. that's fine.
Go ahead. Go ahead.
- Pick something.
- Mariela. pass me the lighter.
I have Sumo. Divididos. I don't know.
Nati. It depends on what you like.
Oof. Sumo is such an amazing band.
- Have you listened to "Ahora Vuelves"?
- Yeah.
Can you play this one?
Oof! Yeah. of course. Nati.
Good one. Las Pelotas.
I didn't think you liked them.
Why fake it?
You don't even like them. dude.
So. when we went on our graduation
trip. she carried a portable CD player
and had the CDs of Roxette.
Backstreet Boys...
Hey. dude. don't bother her.
To each his own.
She was young.
Nati. what should I play?
- The one you like the most.
- I like them all.
- Yeah. but choose one.
- No. just play... I don't know...
Play "Cuando Podrás Amar".
that's the one she likes.
- Yeah.
- Right.
- Such a banger.
- Yeah.
Oof! I love this track.
They always play it at Nicky Novak.
Where?
Nicky Novak.
You are joking. right?
No. guys. don't tell me you've never
been to Nicky Novak. We have to go!
- Let's go then!
- Alright.
Nati. let's go.
- Yeah. of course.
- Oof! Awesome.
What do you say. Mrs. Ianopulos?
Do you smell it too?
What?
What smell?
I saw a rat go inside.
Where to?
Into the cart.
But I didn't see it come out.
Can't you smell the odor?
There's something there.
Our cousin. Luciano.
jumped off that platform last year
and broke his sternum.
He had to undergo surgery three times.
Well. Diego is not going to break
his sternum.
He knows how to jump.
Your cousin broke his sternum
because he's a dumbass.
Yes. Luciano is quite a dumbass.
- Jump. you fucking pussy!
- Look who's here.
What's that skirt she's wearing?
Does she think she's in London?
What is she doing here?
Who invited her?
It is clear Diego invited her.
What an ugly bitch she is.
She's not that ugly.
Are you okay?
No. you're crazy! Don't hit her.
No. no. Give her a swig of beer.
Listen to me. let her drink.
I stink of chlorine.
This pool sucks. guys.
Do you know of a better pool?
But I know of a quarry lake.
- A what?
- A quarry lake. It's pretty far away.
We take bus 307 and then walk
quite a bit. But it's worth it.
But what is it?
A quarry is where the tuff is extracted.
Tuff is a kind of waterproof clay
used for construction.
As it is waterproof. when the well
is made. a lake forms with groundwater.
This quarry lake
I'm telling you about is...
huge. with fresh. very cold water...
No. gorgeous. We must go. okay?
How do you know about it?
I had a Paraguayan boyfriend
who took me swimming there once.
A Paraguayan boyfriend?
Who are you?
Hey! Hey. where are you going?
He is Irma's son.
Which Irma?
The lady who mends clothes.
The one who fixed your jeans.
What's he doing here?
She went to the hospital.
due to abdominal pain.
She thinks she has parasites.
They live in tough conditions.
Natalia.
How long is he staying?
His mother's picking him up tomorrow.
Poor woman. she has no one.
They have to say: "Hello. Susana."
Correct? Hopefully. this is the one.
Will it be in Buenos Aires?
Will it be in Buenos Aires? Yes?
Let's see.
- Hello?
- Hi. Nati.
- Hi. what are you doing?
- Nothing and you?
No. we're with the girls.
We weren't sure if you'd stop by.
Eh... please don't kill me.
Silvia invited me to a Horcas concert.
and I’ve wanted to go forever.
- Right. yeah. of course. Sounds fun.
- Do you mind if we switch the day?
Fine. We'll sort it out. Kisses. bye.
Kisses to Granny and the girls!
You've already won 10 000 pesos.
...26 300 you have to...
He says he's going to a Horcas concert.
That she knows the singer. Then
they'll go to a BBQ at Gonzalo's place.
Which Gonzalo?
I don't know. a metalhead
friend of hers. Who knows?
What happened that you got like this?
No. no. Another one.
Six!
- We have an issue with a person.
- A bad person?
One more. One more.
It's a person
who wants to take something...
that has always been ours.
Well. Helena.
at least you won 10 000 pesos.
No. love. Are you alone?
I was sure you were going to call me.
So. tonight. instead of placing
the phone besides...
- The name.
- ...I left it on speaker.
I knew you were calling me.
We all have those gut feelings.
Yes. totally.
Well. are you by yourself. darling?
And now you can only see in one color
Everything is forgotten
and love ceases to exist
And nobody escapes.
everyone to the van
What are you listening to?
Oof!
Play track 11. Nati.
- Track 11. what is it called?
- "El Peor."
- Such a banger.
A total banger.
Did you know that I studied
with their bass player?
We were really close friends.
then... I never saw him again.
Excessive nightlife.
Too many parties.
Las Pelotas. you wouldn't believe it.
I can imagine.
They play every Friday at Cemento.
Shall we go?
I'm in.
This entire area was to be filled
with private neighborhoods.
When the recession started.
all these projects were cancelled.
Everything came to nothing.
The quarry never became operational.
So. it's abandoned now?
Abandoned. but not as such.
They say that sometimes
the owner shows up.
And that he built himself a house
in the middle of the forest.
They say he sets his dogs upon anyone
he catches swimming in the quarry.
His rabid dogs.
A couple of little kids.
out of fear of the dogs.
jumped into the water and drowned.
Because the children in this area
can't swim. you know?
Wanna go in?
Hey! Sil!
Wait. I'm coming! Okay?
- See?
- Gorgeous.
- Oof! How nice.
- Very nice. isn't it?
- Yeah.
- And it's a beautiful day.
Diego. give me your hand.
Oh.
I'll be right back.
- Wait for me.
- Yes.
No.
I'm drowning.
- Can you...?
- Yes.
- Are you okay there?
- I'm good. And you?
Come closer if you want.
What the fuck. Kechu!
I told you to knock. What do you want?
- A man is about to get here.
- What? What man?
Natalia. I collected my pension.
I'll give you 20 pesos.
I want you to go to the arcade
with Kechu and grab a pizza.
The boy is sad. He misses his mom.
This will cheer him up.
You take him
if you want him to cheer up.
I can't. Gerardo is coming over
for dinner.
What's wrong?
Why aren't you eating?
I'm sad. Kechu.
Why are you sad?
Because life sucks.
Aren't you upset about your mom?
She's in critical condition. you know?
Doesn't that make you sad?
Where is your mom?
My mom left for Spain.
We had a kiosk on Liniers.
but we went bankrupt.
She ran away. and I was left with Rita.
And that makes you sad?
No.
How can anyone find humor
in such a tragic situation
where retirees are dying in the banks?
Where banks are crowded
with elderly people.
Kids. guess what?
Gerardo brought ice cream.
And not just any ice cream.
He brought La Covadonga ice cream.
Help yourselves. kids.
- I'm good. thanks.
- I do want some.
I set up a bed for Kechu in your room.
Gerardo's staying over today.
...beyond this situation.
and of course. we will manage...
Fine.
Come. I'll serve your ice cream.
Hey. dude. Is Scioli playing?
JOse: Spoke to Diego.
said he couldn't reach you
NAT83: What did he tell you?
JOse: Said we'll go to Nicky Novak
on Friday
JOse: Silvia knows the guy at the gate.
NAT83: For real?
JOse: For real
JOse: Hey. Nat
NAT83: What?
JOse: I think they meet
outside the group
JOse: I think he really likes her
- Jose!
- What?
Can you get me another size?
Is it small?
If the three of us wear it.
it should be one size smaller.
What do you mean
by one size smaller?
But you always wear my jeans.
Don't give me that. Jose.
You are scrawny.
Even mom tells you so.
No. mom says you should see
a nutritionist. That's what she says.
She doesn't say that. dude.
Not at all.
- She did tell me that.
- Stop lying.
These fit fine. I don't know why...
For sisters to come together.
Look at this.
- They look very nice.
- Super nice.
- I like them more than those.
- Yeah. I agree.
They look gorgeous on you.
It's a perfect fit.
Guys. if I'm paying 20
out of the 30 for Nicky Novak.
I should be the one wearing them.
Those are also 60.
Items in the window
are the ones that are 30.
Sixty pesos for a pair of jeans?
Yes. we have jeans for up to
100 pesos. the American ones.
But those are domestic.
so they retail at 60.
- Sixty pesos for domestic jeans?
- Yes.
- Didn't you bring extra money?
- No. I didn't.
- Me neither.
- I left my wallet at home.
Let me tell you. Carmen.
you've already won 10 000 pesos.
But now if you get all three faces.
you can win 26 300 pesos.
So please choose one number
from zero to nine.
Let's see. let's see.
Look how they're all leaving. Kechu.
heavily made up.
Do you see that they're
a bunch of trashy girls?
Go and watch TV.
What's the matter with him?
He's sad because I told him that
his mom was in a drug-induced coma.
She's got a hospital-acquired infection
now.
If this keeps up.
Kechu's uncle from Corrientes
will have to come pick him up.
Okay. let's see who will call us.
Who will be at the other end?
Remember. you have to say your name
while singing.
Another one from Córdoba?
My name is...
Someone from Córdoba already won.
- A million he won.
- Oh. no way. Marcelo!
They say everything was rigged.
that it was all staged.
Whatever.
I will keep participating.
Your mom participates too. right?
Yes. she participates in
Susana's show. Sorpresa y media.
in Nico's program.
and in one on cable TV.
Where are you going?
Are you going to look after them?
Of course. I always do.
Besides. we're going to the capital.
No worries.
What are you saying. Dieguito?
Things happen everywhere.
Yes. you are right.
Girls. are you ready?
Let's go. Silvia is waiting for us.
Who is Silvia?
Silvia is a friend I met through ICQ.
What is that?
ICQ is like...
it's a chat.
for talking on the computer.
It's some futuristic stuff.
- So. are you ready?
- Yeah. Let's go.
Just try it. Nati.
We go and give it a try.
just for a while. Just a bit.
Come on. Do it.
- I have a tattoo shop.
- That's nice!
I can do a dragon for you.
- Wanna meet my friends?
- Yeah.
Come. come!
Guys!
Let me introduce my friend. Matu!
What's up?
- This is Diego.
- Hi.
And this is Nati.
Nati. this is Matu.
Oh. he was at the Roxette concert!
No. no. no what a night.
The whole thing!
- This is awesome!
- Tell me this place isn't amazing.
- Isn't it?
- Yeah.
- It's fantastic!
- I know. The perfect spot.
Didn't I tell you?
Hey. Nati.
What's up?
I have to tell you something
and it might upset you.
What is it?
I want to fuck Diego too.
What?
Yeah. dummy. But not like you.
I'm not in love.
I want my first time to be with him
and that's it.
Would it upset you if it happened?
Do you think he will want to?
I mean...
I don't know. Do as you wish. Josefina.
Do as you please.
and then we'll see how it goes.
Besides. I'm certain he wouldn't want
to be with someone like you.
How would you know?
With that character of yours. hon.
you won't be sleeping with anyone.
Well. I want to change.
I want to have a new personality.
One that boys like.
And you know what?
You don't have to be pretty for that.
Look at Silvia.
I could be like her.
Like Silvia?
I don't like myself. you know?
Yeah. I know. Jose.
I don't like myself either.
Come on. Natalia.
every guy wants to be with you.
Not all of them.
With everything that happened...
The president we had...
Well. it doesn't matter. Let's see.
Since we left last year.
one of us has really made it.
Someone else came and said
"This is over."
"No more fooling around."
We didn't pay the debt.
They celebrated victory. popped
the champagne and gave us a beating.
We were left out of the world.
like Tanzania.
Then someone else came for one day.
What brings you here? How are you?
I expected to find Diego here.
No. dear. Diego didn't show up today.
He went to the capital. He says he has
some friends he met online.
Yeah. I'm aware.
Why this mess?
I got robbed half an hour ago.
You nearly bumped into the guy.
Good thing you got here afterwards.
Did they take a lot?
No. I hadn't sold anything.
Stupid thief.
On top of that. I stabbed him.
Look at this mess.
I have no idea how I'll clean it up.
we're out of water.
Do you have water?
No. neither do we.
This is total bullshit.
NAT83: Diego. you there?
Diego: Hi. Nati! It's been a while.
Diego: How are you doing?
NAT83: Not so good.
I'm not sleeping very well.
NAT83: Let's meet
Diego: I really can't today...
NAT83: Oh... when are you free?
Diego: Maybe we can all go
to the quarry lake on the weekend
Diego: What do you think?
Diego: Sorry. Nat
Diego: My train's leaving. Talk soon!
Power is out.
Hey! Stop. Sit...
Give me my money back.
fucking Chinese!
Sit down! Sit down! No money back!
- For fuck's sake. come on!
- Sit down! Sit down!
- Damn it!
- Power is out!
- Not my fault!
- Hey. Chinese!
- If I leave. I'll...
- Take a sit!
Put that thing down! You idiot!
Stop. dude!
Take it! Grab a chair!
I'm taking a chair. fucking Chinese.
Let's go. man!
You son of a bitch!
The water! Water's out again!
Oh. Kechu!
- Come on. Kechu!
- Nati. join us!
Do not... no. no!
- Kechu!
- He should get splashed as well!
- The water's out. Rita!
- That's fine.
Kechu. come here a moment. please.
I have some very bad news for you.
Your mom died a little while ago.
But from what I was told.
she was unconscious.
Which means she didn't suffer.
Today. we can cook whatever you want.
What do you feel like eating?
Shall we prepare him
something to eat. girls?
...by drinking
one's own urine. the body
is stimulated to produce defenses.
That's old news.
When I was kid.
we used to go to Mar del Plata.
and there were days
when it was packed with jellyfish.
My mom would pull me into
a corner and pee on my legs.
to make the pain go away.
Well. but you didn't drink
your own pee.
I'm just saying healing with urine
is not a new concept.
There is a quantity of...
Susana has no one else to invite.
That's what's going on.
Everything is going downhill
in this country.
Who is it?
Help!
I'm tied up. I'm injured. sir.
Can you... can you please
open the door for me?
Are you in there?
I'm your next-door neighbor!
Come on! Please. help me!
Who is it?
Are you over there?
Can you please open the door. sweetie?
Hi. cutie. How are you?
Do you mind if I get in front of you?
There's a line.
Yeah. I know.
but my mom is at home.
suffering from
very high blood pressure.
And hasn't bathed in two days.
She is very nervous because
the bank took her retirement money.
Just when I am unemployed.
the bank takes her money.
You know what?
I'm selling some dictionaries.
Are you interested in buying one?
No. no.
How about making me a little coffee.
hon?
Brew it yourself.
Don't walk around in underwear.
This is not your home.
Well...
it's not yours either.
No problem.
- No. It's Ianopulos. the lady next door.
- Did you see anything?
I heard the brakes.
I went out and saw this.
Was it a man or a woman driving?
I saw no one! There was no one.
We are doomed!
We are cursed! This block is cursed!
Who is going to give us an answer?
Officer. how many people have to die
on this street for action to be taken?
Calm down. ma'am.
Do something!
Who's that coming?
You're not allowed through here.
And you are?
The boss of the southern sidewalk.
This is my bridge. didn't you know?
There's a toll fee to pay.
- How much is it?
- Two pesos.
Two pesos each?
No. we don't have two pesos.
We can't afford it.
You'll have to give me something then.
Otherwise. you can't cross.
How pretty you are?
Back off. you idiot!
Easy. easy.
Natalia. what are you doing?
No!
What the fuck is wrong with you?
You're messed up. skinnybones!
- It's cool.
- But what were you planning to get?
I want to get something like a snake
that goes in this direction.
And it has to end around here.
Because I want to get
done at some point. perhaps...
Where's Diego?
They left.
Where to?
I was lying down there.
Maybe she assumed I was asleep.
But I don't take naps.
I was listening to them.
because I wasn't really asleep.
I don't sleep in the afternoon.
But what did you hear?
She told him to go with her.
I have no idea. dude.
They went back there.
Hey. Nati.
What?
We need to pop our cherries.
We need to do something.
I can't believe every girl has done it.
Even Candela has done it.
- Candela? Are you serious?
- Yeah. during the graduation trip.
They even took the bug spray.
That is my granddaughter. Natalia.
It's a pleasure.
You've been taking care of Kechu
all this time.
We're very grateful.
He's his uncle Alcides.
He's come from Corrientes
to take Kechu with him.
Look at you. Kechu.
You are huge.
He was so tiny when he first came
to our house with his mom.
You are very kind. Mrs. Rita.
Truly kind.
Everything that you've done for Kechu.
I always say that you have to be
grateful in life.
You'll leave the city. Kechu.
You'll be living way better than us.
Do you know how beautiful Corrientes is?
There. we will teach you how to fish.
We will take you hunting.
You'll play with all your cousins.
His mom and I were
also orphaned as children.
But we weren't as lucky as Kechu.
What's the matter?
He's hungry.
He wants a sandwich.
Poor thing. he skipped dinner.
I'll make him a grilled cheese sandwich.
I'll help you.
He says he's scared.
He wants to stay here.
Well. Natalia.
we can't do anything about it.
It is the misfortune
that befell this boy.
You and I have had to deal
with enough already.
Maybe he can stay a bit longer.
I don't know.
Just 'till he's back to being himself.
Are you going to cook for him every day?
Will you wash his clothes?
Are you going to buy his supplies
when school starts?
Rita. I feel that man over there
is a very bad person.
I know you noticed it too.
We cannot hand him over just like that.
For God's sake. Natalia.
Do you have any idea how many
bad people exist in the world?
And yet. the sun rises every morning.
How much is this going to cost?
How did you get the money?
Give me some perfume.
Okey. no more questions.
- Are you going to wear mascara?
- Yeah.
Here.
What kind of perfume is this?
What did you give me?
Hey. it's what I could find.
I took it from my brother.
Here.
How you doing?
How about a drink?
Do you have whiskey?
And for you?
Cold water for me. please.
Relax. Listen to me.
Every guy in our class lost
their virginities by hiring hookers.
Where does it say
we can't do the same?
Ladies. I must request that you pay
for the service upfront.
Yeah. sure. No problem.
Easy. relax.
You are so stiff.
What's your name?
- Josefina.
- Relax. Josefina.
Let's start with a massage.
Do you like massages?
Come on. lie down.
Over here.
Are you feeling okay?
Okay.
- Which part of Colombia are you from?
- From Bogotá.
I know every part of Colombia.
Have you been here long?
Eight years now.
Why don't you go back to Colombia?
No. I can't.
Given my job. you're always afraid of...
running into your cousin. your aunt...
even your uncle.
May I touch you?
How do you feel?
I don't know.
It wasn't what you expected?
You didn't enjoy it?
- Yeah. dummy. I really enjoyed it.
- So?
I don't know how to explain it.
It's just that... I feel empty.
Like there's nothing inside.
What do you mean?
I don't know.
What about you?
What's up with you?
When I returned from Bariloche.
I thought I'd get a boyfriend.
I thought it would be
the best summer of my life.
Then. Silvia appeared.
He plans to move out in March.
He's off to study Physical Education.
and I won't see him again.
I'll never see him again. Jose.
I can't see you. Rodrigo.
Where are you at?
Oh. there you are!
Maybe they'll give you a call now. Rita.
- I was right in buying the TV.
- Thank you. You are a sweetheart.
...three!
Very well. let's see.
Where is this letter from?
Buenos Aires Province.
- She said Buenos Aires Province.
- Alright. Buenos...
She won't call you.
She will never call you. Rita.
How would you know?
You're just bitter.
...playing. so. pay atten...
Again?
Hello! Susana?
It's for you. Natalia.
Diego and I are together now.
Are you telling me that
you're sleeping together?
I already knew that. Silvia.
I want to tell you that we are a couple.
A couple? Like an actual couple?
Yeah. an actual couple.
Please. tell me he didn't ask you
to be his girl as if you were 12.
No. I asked him to be my boyfriend.
And he said yes!
Well. thanks for calling
to share this with me. Silvia.
I mean it. No irony intended.
I believe you. Actually...
I called because I know there is a very
special bond between you two.
This summer we shared
was very precious to me.
I love hanging out with you.
with the girls.
I don't know. I think...
I think we make a very cool group.
don't you?
Yeah. totally.
I think we don't have to cut ties.
Look. I don't...
I'm no "friend-wrecker."
For me. everything is cool.
Do you understand?
- Diego told me that in Bariloche...
- What did he say?
Nothing. He said stuff happened
between you two.
Stuff? What stuff?
What did he tell you?
Just stuff that happens
within a group of friends on a trip.
Stuff that happens in fifth grade.
Silvia.
What?
Tell me exactly
what Diego told you about Bariloche.
He told me that you went to Grisú
and you weren't feeling well.
And?
He told me you kissed on the bus and
you sucked his dick at the hotel. Okay?
Look. Nati...
I never thought I would fall in love
with a 19-year-old boy
I met in a chat room.
But it happened.
I don't know that day at Nicky Novak
it was like...
we were struck by lightning
or something.
I don't know how long it's gonna last.
or if it's gonna last at all. but...
I want to live this experience.
I really like Diego.
I want him to come live with me.
I want to take that risk.
And because I love and respect him.
I also respect you.
Because you are his good friend.
I want us all to get along.
Well. Silvia. I...
I appreciate your call.
I would like...
I would like a gathering
with the whole group. you know?
For us to meet up.
since summer's almost over.
I don't know. we could...
Did you know that my cousin. Santiago.
is coming from Mexico?
You wouldn't believe how much
I've told him about you.
We all need to hang out
or do something. Maybe...
We ran out of ice. Not even a bit.
It'll come back. right?
- What's wrong. Nati?
- Nothing.
I know what's wrong.
Let's see. Gerardo.
Tell me what's wrong.
You had a fight with your boyfriend.
- Natalia doesn't have a boyfriend.
- Stay out of it. Rita.
- Don't talk to her like that.
- Shut up. Gerardo.
Hey...
Listen. I'm going to tell you
something and it is with all my love.
To have a boyfriend...
you first need to change your attitude.
Guys nowadays.
want a new kind of a relationship.
with girls who have less issues.
and you...
you have so many issues.
So many of them!
This is your moment to have fun. enjoy
yourself. to have some yerba mates.
Enjoy life. You'll have time to...
have a really hard time. Not now.
Right now it is the moment
to have a good time. Take my advice.
What are you doing. Natalia?
What's her issue?
She needs a psychologist.
We've discussed it.
Why does she react like this?
A million...
pesos!
You've won! You've won!
What's wrong. Gerardo?
Gerardo. what's happening?
Allow me to talk. please.
They won a million! Yes!
Look! Look at this!
My dick is bleeding! But...
This is your fault! This is on you!
Because you spoil that stupid bitch!
- Calm down. okay?
- I'm not going to calm down!
I'll bring some cold towels to help.
Tomorrow you'll be much better.
Don't fucking touch me!
Natalia... Natalia!
Natalia. wake up. dear!
What is it?
Come. Gerardo and I got into a fight.
He left.
Wake up!
We need to do something together.
What are you looking for?
I know we have some here.
because when you moved in.
your dad did all
the painting himself.
Some of what?
You don't even remember.
You were less than two years old.
But when we came to this house.
your dad behaved like a real man.
He spent a whole summer
repairing the house.
I remember he would come to the kitchen
for dinner.
and he smelled like turpentine.
Why are you telling me all of this?
You know I don't want to hear about it.
Sometimes. you need to hear
what you don't want to hear.
And contrary to what you think.
your dad was a great man
while he lived with us.
- Shut up.
- I warned your mother.
I told him that if she kept treating him
like that...
But your mom. Natalia.
she's such a selfish person.
She won't send us a penny.
She won't call on your birthday!
Shut up. Rita!
Do you know why
I am telling you all this?
Because you are just as selfish.
And you are also dangerous.
What you haven't realized. but I have.
is that they've put a curse on us.
On the whole block.
You're a crazy old woman!
Perhaps. But I remind you. dear.
I'm all you have left in this world!
Here it is!
Do you really think that at almost 70.
after everything I've been through.
a curse from a destitute
is going to break me?
In virtue of my holy baptism.
supported by the word of God.
I.
with the power of the most
precious blood of Jesus Christ...
I break
and destroy
any hereditary curse
that comes from any moment
of the intergenerational life
of this child of God!
Now!
And forever!
I've got the booze part covered.
We'll get really wasted with this.
Yeah. What's the problem?
No. nothing.
Eh... do you have any rolling papers?
No.
Maybe Silvia has some.
She's a heavy smoker.
- Starts every morning smoking pot.
- Really?
What are you doing?
Do you like it?
I don't know.
Relax a bit. my friend.
Ready to pay?
Eh... yes.
This and a loaf of bread. please.
Thanks.
Did you get ice?
Guys!
I found a guy who will give us a ride
for two pesos.
Which guy?
What do I know?
He says he gives rides.
If we go on foot.
the ice will certainly melt.
Come on. it's hot outside. Let's go.
This is great.
- The bus doesn't come this way.
- No.
But we cut through here.
We go behind the landfill.
and out to the quarry lake.
It's easier.
There's one.
Hey. Silvia.
What?
All that you told us about...
What do you mean?
The children who drowned here
in the quarry lake.
Yeah. what about it?
All of that... was a lie. right?
No!
No. I mean...
What would I know?
I just shared what I was told.
To me. it sounds like
you made that up.
To make yourself look interesting.
perhaps.
Or maybe just to scare us.
Look. I told you what I heard.
I don't...
I don't think that makes me
any more or any less interesting.
Do you know why I say this?
No.
Tell me why.
Because the other day.
I went to El Once with Jose. you know?
And you know. in a thrift store.
a very cheap one.
we saw that...
they sell the same coffee mug
that you have.
The mug that you told us
you bought in London.
The same one. It was identical. Silvia.
And when I saw it. it hit me.
What hit you? What do you mean?
You've been fooling us
all summer long.
Look. Nati.
you are free to think...
whatever you want. We're still good.
You can come to my place
whenever you want.
I'll tell you about my travels
and maybe show you some pictures.
Yeah. I've seen those photos.
And was she in those photos?
Was she even
in a single one of those photos?
In just one. at least.
Sometimes. I get these sensations.
They are like hunches. you know?
The guys all know because...
we have known each other all our lives.
We don't know you that well. Silvia.
Stop it. Nati. That's enough.
No. it isn't.
Who are you. Silvia?
Because I'm Natalia Rossetti.
From Ituzaingó.
I live with my grandmother
who is an old cunt.
My mom and dad abandoned me.
And I flunked fourth grade.
It may... not be much.
but it's who I am.
But who the fuck are you?
Look. Nati. I...
do have some issues.
But you are not a good person. Natalia.
I called you yesterday
with the best of my intentions.
to end the summer well.
- You called me to gloat. Silvia!
- No! I would never do that.
The drowned children are not a lie.
Back there...
there is a crypt where the mothers
of the drowned children placed a virgin.
There are photos of the kids.
If you don't believe me.
go check it out.
Let's get going then.
Let's go see it.
That way you'll see Silvia's not a liar.
as you say.
Okay.
Let's go.
You go ahead. I'll swim by myself.
You go. Leave me alone.
Hey!
Hey. Nati!
Please stop. dude. hey!
Hey. stop.
What's wrong with you?
Why did you talk to Silvia like that?
She's a girl full of baggage.
but she's not bad.
I've lost sight of Silvia.
She's not in the water.
- She's not there?
- We must have left her behind.
I'm sure she got scared. after insisting
she wanted to swim alone.
I'm going to look for her.
There it is.
That bitch was right.
How do you know? It may be different
from the crypt Silvia mentioned.
This is it. How many crypts
do you think there are?
I don't want to go inside.
I don't want to see anything
related to dead people.
I don't want to see blood.
pictures. or anything.
Plus. there must be rats in there.
- What a pair of cowards you are.
- Are you going in?
Why the fuck did we come all this way
if not?
- Nati!
- What?
You are furious. what's going on?
I had never seen you like that.
Like what?
Bariloche's behind us.
Diego's over. it's all in the past now.
You're throwing your life away on that.
Mari is right.
You're insane. Nati.
Take them away.
I want Silvia to disappear.
Nati. don't look.
Oh. fuck.
Guys. what she told us was true.
Those are the owner's dogs.
No. no!
- Go away!
- No. Jose.
Those are my dogs.
Silvia!
Help!
No. Diego! Oh. my God!
DIRECTED BY
LAURA CASABÉ
BASED ON THE SHORT STORIES "THE CART"
AND "OUR LADY OF THE QUARRY"
INCLUDED IN THE WORK "THE DANGERS OF
SMOKING IN BED". by MARIANA ENRÍQUEZ
SCRIPT
BENJAMÍN NAISHTAT
WITH A SPECIAL APPEARANCE
BY DADY BRIEVA
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today